---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Getting started with Salesforce BYOK
sidebar_label: Quickstart
description: Description overview
keywords: [hsm, cloud hsm]
---

# Getting Started with Salesforce BYOK

This Quickstart section provides a comprehensive task listing of the Bring Your Own Key (BYOK) process for Salesforce. For more detailed instructions please consult the **Installation** section. Visit [Prerequisites](/salesforce-byok/Installation/prerequisites) for the necessary preparations beforehand.

:::note
Parameters in this document are shown as an example. Replace these parameters with your own.
:::

## Install and Configure Primus Tools

Download, install and configure the [Primus Tools](/primus-tools/overview) on the computer with an established Primus HSM or CloudHSM connection. For more information, visit the [Primus Tools - Installation](/primus-tools/Installation/primus-tools-installation) section.

## Generate Salesforce BYOK Certificate

To encrypt data in Salesforce with Bring Your Own Key (BYOK) key material, use Salesforce to generate a self-signed certificate. The public key from the certificate will be used to encrypt your key material generated in your Primus HSM or [CloudHSM](../cloudhsm/overview).

:::note
A 4096-bit RSA key size is required for Salesforce BYOK. 
:::

A CA-signed certificate can also be used. See [Generate Salesforce BYOK-Compatible Certificate](/salesforce-byok/Tutorials/salesforce-byok-certificate) for more information.

## Generate and Wrap BYOK Key Material

Convert the exported Salesforce BYOK compatible certificate into either `.pem` or `.der` format, create a tenant secret key on the HSM and use Primus Tools to export and wrap the BYOK key material with the public key extractred from the BYOK-compatible certificate, generated in the previous chapter.

:::note
The tenant secret must be an HMAC key, use parameter `HMACSHA256` when specifiying the key type.
:::

See [Generate and Wrap BYOK Key Material](/salesforce-byok/Tutorials/byok-key-material) for more information.

## Import BYOK Tenant Secret

Import the generated BYOK-compatible key material files into Salesforce. If desired, opt out of Salesforce key derivation.

See [Import BYOK Key Material](/salesforce-byok/Tutorials/upload-byok-tenant-secret) for more information.

:::tip Ready to try ?

Enjoy a **3-month** free trial of CloudHSM Sandbox, compatible with Salesforce BYOK.

- [Sign-up](https://cloud.securosys.com/sign-up) and download the HSM credentials within minutes.
- Browse [CloudHSM Sandbox service description](../cloudhsm/Packages/sandbox)

:::